# Entry 6
##### 5/25/23

After we finished our projects, we had to give two presentations. One of them was an [elevator pitch](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LGrn-SlucYTzAMnlk1H_5EvAnDg-wkbGg9DaKFMSN0E/edit?usp=sharing) that we had to give at the SEP Expo. Takeaways that I had from the elevator pitch were to be more prepared before the Expo and to be more confident. I learned that practicing and preparing more before the Expo was important because it gives me more time to plan. While preparing for the Expo, I felt a little rushed because I felt that I could have explained the process of making the game in a clearer way and I wasn't able to explain the challenges that we encountered during the project. I also learned that it's important to be confident. I learned that it's important to be confident in what you're presenting because it allows the audience to better understand what you want to present. For the Expo, I should have been more confident because I wasn't able to say everything that I wanted for our project, since I got a little nervous.

The other presentation that we had to give was the [in-class presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1DGZ8dqw0-apW3ExQikvk72qZL3KSRAkDN-BCyX1oBQ0/edit?usp=sharing). Takeaways that I had from the in-class presentation were to make better eye contact with the audience and to speak louder. After giving my presentation, I realized that I didn't really make any eye contact with the audience. I learned that it's important to make eye contact with the audience during a presentation because it makes a presentation more engaging and allows the audience to better understand the message that I wanted to communicate. After presenting, I also realized that I wasn't loud enough. Our teacher gave us feedback on our presentations and I realized that I did need to speak louder because it was hard to hear me.

I am currently on **Stage 8: Communicate the results** of the Engineering Design Process. In this stage, I was able to present the game that my partner and I made and explain our process to other students and teachers. Moving on, I plan to use what I learned from presenting to improve my presentations in the future.

One skill that I grew in is **communication** because through these two presentations, I was able to learn what's important in a presentation and what I need to improve on. I learned that it's important to prepare and practice before a presentation so that the audience has a better understanding of what I wanted to present. I also learned that it's important to communicate with others in your group because my partner and I had to communicate to decide who was presenting which part and how we wanted to organize our presentation. Another skill that I grew in is **consideration** because my partner and I had to consider how we wanted to organize our presentation in order for the audience to best understand our process and how we got to the end result of our game.

[Previous](entry05.md)

[Home](../README.md)
